Add EKS deployment documentation and ai-on-eks integration (#292)
agentic-community/mcp-gateway-registry: charts/README.md

# MCP Gateway Registry Helm Charts

This directory contains Helm charts for deploying the MCP Gateway Registry stack on Kubernetes.

## Prerequisites

### EKS Cluster Setup

For deploying on Amazon EKS, we recommend using the [AWS AI/ML on Amazon EKS](https://github.com/awslabs/ai-on-eks) blueprints to provision a production-ready EKS cluster with GPU support, autoscaling, and AI/ML optimizations.

**Quick Start with AI on EKS:**

```bash
# Clone the AI on EKS repository
git clone https://github.com/awslabs/ai-on-eks.git
cd ai-on-eks

# Follow the blueprint documentation to create an EKS cluster

> # https://github.com/awslabs/ai-on-eks/tree/main/blueprints

Reviewer: ```suggestion

# Until https://github.com/awslabs/ai-on-eks/pull/232 is merged, the custom stack can be used

cd infra/custom
./install.sh
```
